WEEKEND.
THE WATER IS THAT DANGEROUS.
>> CHAD MYERS, WE'LL BE HERE ALL
WEEK WATCHING THIS POSSIBLE
HURRICANE HERE.
THANK YOU SO MUCH.
>> YOU'RE WELCOME.
>>> AN UNEXPECTED SHOCKER TODAY
AT WIMBLEDON.
TENNIS CHAMP VER RSERENA WILLIAS
DROPPED OUT BECAUSE OF A VIRAL
ILLNESS.
WHAT IS HAPPENING?
I STARTED TO SEE SOME OF THE
TWEETS COMING IN AND WORRIED
BECAUSE I REMEMBER THE PULMONARY
EMBOLISM A FEW YEARS AGO.
WHAT DID SHE SAY?
>> YEAH, SHE WAS TALKING ABOUT
THE FACT THAT SHE HAS HAD THIS
BUG FOR THE PAST COUPLE OF DAYS.
SHE FOUGHT SHE COULD FIGHT
THROUGH IT AND IN FACT SHE COULD
NOT AND THAT WAS OBVIOUS WHEN
SHE GOT OUT ON THE COURTS FOR
PRACTICE.
SERENA WILLIAMS, ONE OF THE MOST
AUTHORITATIVE FIGURES IN TENNIS,
SHE JUST COULDN'T MOVE OUT
THERE.
SHE HAS THE STRONGEST SERVE IN
THE GAME AND SHE COULDN'T GET
THE BALL OVER THE NET.
SHE OBVIOUSLY LOOKED LIKE SHE
WAS MAYBE HAVING DOUBLE VISION
BECAUSE SHE WAS TRYING TO BOUNCE
THE BALL ON THE COURT AND WAS
MISSING THE BALL SEVERAL TIMES
HERE AND YOU CAN SEE HERE JUST
DISSOLVING IN TEARS WITH THE
MEDICAL STAFF.
OBVIOUSLY TRYING TO BE A FIGHTER
AND PLAY WITH HER SISTER ANYWAY,
BUT IT WASN'T GOING TO HAPPEN
TODAY.
>> SHE'S TOUGH, NO DOUBT ABOUT
THAT.
SO BOTTOM LINE, EVERYTHING
APPEARS TO BE OKAY.
THIS IS SIMPLY A BUG?
>> YEAH.
I MEAN, LOOK, AS YOU SAID, THIS
IS A PERSON WHO, THREE YEARS
AGO, WAS IN LIFE-THREATENING
DANGER.
SHE HAD A PULMONARY EMBOLISM.
SHE'S HAD HEALTH ISSUES BUT
SHE'S VERY PROUD OF HERSELF FOR
FIGHTING BACK AND REGAINING THAT
NUMBER ONE RANKING.
PEOPLE THOUGHT AT THE TIME, HEY,
YOU'RE 30 YEARS OLD, MAYBE HANG
IT UP.
INSTEAD, SHE FOUGHT BACK TO BE
NUMBER ONE IN THE WORLD.
I DON'T THINK THIS IS GOING TO
STOP HER EITHER BUT
THIS STARTED.
>> DO YOU HAVE THAT STATEMENT TO
READ, RACHEL?
>> I THINK YOU GUYS HAVE IT IN
THE STUDIO.
>> CAN YOU READ THAT?
>> "I AM HEARTBROKEN.
I AM NOT ABLE TO CONTINUE," SHE
SAID.
"I THOUGHT I COULD RALLY THIS
MORNING BECAUSE I REALLY WANTED
TO COMPETE BUT THIS BUG GOT THE
BEST OF ME."
REMEMBER, SHE AND HER SISTER
HAVE WON ALL OF THESE WIMBLEDON
TITLES.
DOUBLES IS NOT A BIG DEAL FOR
SINGLE PLAYERS BUT IT'S A BIG
DEAL FOR THEM.
SHE SAID SHE'S LOOKING FORWARD
TO A GREAT MATCH BUT IT DIDN'T
HAPPEN.
FROM THE BOTTO